README.md, before:

# Oryx with custom QMK

This repository allows combining the convenience of [Oryx’s](https://www.zsa.io/oryx) graphical layout editing with the power of [QMK](https://qmk.fm), allowing you to customize your Oryx layout with advanced QMK features like Achordion and Repeat Key, while automating firmware builds through GitHub Actions.

## How it works

Each time you run the GitHub Action, the workflow will:
1. Fetch the latest changes made in Oryx.
2. Merge them with any QMK features you've added in the source code.
3. Build the firmware, incorporating modifications from both Oryx and your custom source code.

## How to use

1. Fork this repository (be sure to **uncheck the "Copy the main branch only" option**).
2. To initialize the repository with your layout:
   - Go to the **Actions** tab.
   - Select **Fetch and build layout**.
   - Click **Run workflow**.
   - Input your layout ID and keyboard type (your layout must be public in Oryx), then run the workflow.
   - (To avoid having to input values each time, you can modify the default values at the top of the `.github/workflows/fetch-and-build-layout.yml` file).
3. A folder containing your layout will be generated at the root of the repository.
4. You can now add your custom QMK features to this folder:
   - Edit `config.h`, `keymap.c` and `rules.mk` according to the [QMK documentation](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/tree/master/docs/features).
   - Commit and push to the **main** branch.
5. You can continue editing your layout through Oryx:
   - Confirm changes by clicking the **Compile this layout** button.
6. To build the firmware (including both Oryx and code modifications), rerun the GitHub Action. The firmware will be available for download in the action’s artifacts.
7. Flash your downloaded firmware using [Keymapp](https://www.zsa.io/flash#flash-keymap).
8. Enjoy!

Commit message:

📝 add blog post link in the README

README.md, after:

# Oryx with custom QMK

This repository allows combining the convenience of [Oryx’s](https://www.zsa.io/oryx) graphical layout editing with the power of [QMK](https://qmk.fm), allowing you to customize your Oryx layout with advanced QMK features like Achordion and Repeat Key, while automating firmware builds through GitHub Actions.

For a detailed guide, check out the full [blog post here](https://blog.zsa.io/oryx-custom-qmk-features).

## How it works

Each time you run the GitHub Action, the workflow will:
1. Fetch the latest changes made in Oryx.
2. Merge them with any QMK features you've added in the source code.
3. Build the firmware, incorporating modifications from both Oryx and your custom source code.

## How to use

1. Fork this repository (be sure to **uncheck the "Copy the main branch only" option**).
2. To initialize the repository with your layout:
   - Go to the **Actions** tab.
   - Select **Fetch and build layout**.
   - Click **Run workflow**.
   - Input your layout ID and keyboard type (your layout must be public in Oryx), then run the workflow.
   - (To avoid having to input values each time, you can modify the default values at the top of the `.github/workflows/fetch-and-build-layout.yml` file).
3. A folder containing your layout will be generated at the root of the repository.
4. You can now add your custom QMK features to this folder:
   - Edit `config.h`, `keymap.c` and `rules.mk` according to the [QMK documentation](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/tree/master/docs/features).
   - Commit and push to the **main** branch.
5. You can continue editing your layout through Oryx:
   - Confirm changes by clicking the **Compile this layout** button.
6. To build the firmware (including both Oryx and code modifications), rerun the GitHub Action. The firmware will be available for download in the action’s artifacts.
7. Flash your downloaded firmware using [Keymapp](https://www.zsa.io/flash#flash-keymap).
8. Enjoy!
